#### January 25th, 2020
Post-generals I did the site overhaul / facelift that I wanted to do at the end of December (but had to focus on making my GROUP presentation instead). Still can't figure out why my PDFs are not viewable on mobile. You can see the first page all squished but can't scroll, zoom, or really read anything. Checked code from others websites and it's the same...so I just linked the GROUP paper for mobile to Sean's site...

#### December 26th, 2019
Updates this week remind me of dark and cozy winter days in Triangle Street when I spent a something like several days to a whole week on the couch binge watching some show (Big Bang? HIMYM?) tearing down my original one page resume website design for the current one. Pretty sure that was Nov or Dec 2015. Now it was time for a different type of big update: adding my first paper on my own work to the website! Of course, in doing my first real update to the website in maybe a year, I ran into my very out of date and messed up workflow...I got jekyll working very crudely, I switched to using VS Code instead of Sublime, I will now use github issues to keep track of todos for the site, and I have decided that at the next opportunity the site needs another facelift (which should be hella easy this time because all I'll have to do is work on the default layout file! Hallelujah!).

#### March 23rd, 2018
Seems like after two years I should probably update this. The additional content and major "refactoring" (via templates) mentioned two years ago was done sometime in the first half of 2016. Jekyll is easily available for github sites and so I used that to create templates for the sites. This made it much easier to make changes to the site without having to update the HTML in many places. Jekyll also makes it easy to curate a blog which I started for the various trips I took in summer of 2016. Since then the site has had only minor updates such as adding new pages to display publications and galleries of student work from the classes I have TA-ed. This week I have been making some larger changes such as the color scheme (I decided UW colors didn't look right), adding missing information and updating old information. 

#### March 7th, 2016
Very much under construction. Needs additional content and major refactoring/templating.
